new habits three steps here we go step
number one is you're going to identify
exactly what the Habit is that you want
everybody lacks Clarity that's really
where most people fall down step number
two is you're gonna have to create
what's called a habit Loop trigger so
what is going to be that thing that
reminds you to do this new thing it can
be putting your gym clothes next to your
bed it can be setting an alarm whatever
is going to remind you to do the new
thing and then step number three is
repeat repeat repeat you've got to get a
new habit to stick otherwise it's going
to be something that you did once and
never again